Pd 391 user feedback tutorial (#2014)
truenas/documentation: content/SCALE/SCALEUIReference/TopToolbar/_index.md

|------|------|-------------|
| <span class="iconify" data-icon="bytesize:menu"></span> | Toggle collapse | Click to expand or collapse the main menu panel on the left side of the screen. |
| ![iXsystemsLogo](/images/SCALE/22.02/iXsystemsLogo.png "iXsystem Logo") | iXsystems Website | Opens the [iXsystems home page](https://www.ixsystems.com/) website where users can find information about storage and server systems. Users can also use the iXsystems home page to access their customer portal and community section for support. |

> | ![FeedbackIcon](/images/SCALE/23.10/FeedbackIcon.png "Feedback Icon") | How would you rate this page? | Opens the **How would you rate this page?** feedback widget in prerelease versions of TrueNAS SCALE. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ![FeedbackIcon](/images/SCALE/23.10/FeedbackIcon.png "Feedback Icon") | How would you rate this page? | Opens the **How would you rate this page?** feedback window in pre-release versions of TrueNAS SCALE. |
```

| <span class="material-icons">info</span> | Directory Services status | Displays a dialog with the status of Active Directory and LDAP directory servers configured on the system. |
| <span class="material-icons">assignment</span> | Jobs | Displays the Jobs dialog. Click the **History** button to display the **Tasks** screen with a list of **All**, **Active** or **Failed** tasks or processes. |
| <span class="material-icons">notifications</span> | Alerts | Displays a list of system alerts and a dropdown list the alert options **Alert Settings**, **Alert Services** and **Email**. |
| <span class="material-icons">account_circle</span> | Settings | Displays a dropdown list of setting options **Change Password**, **API Keys**, **Guide** and **About**. |
| <span class="material-icons">power_settings_new</span> | Power options | Displays the power related options **Log Out**, **Restart** or **Shut Down**. |
{{< /truetable >}}

### How would you rate this page?

> The **How would you rate this page?** ![FeedbackIcon](/images/SCALE/23.10/FeedbackIcon.png "Feedback Icon") icon opens a feedback widget.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **How would you rate this page?** ![FeedbackIcon](/images/SCALE/23.10/FeedbackIcon.png "Feedback Icon") icon opens a feedback window.
```
